README.md, before:

# scholarly
scholarly is a module that allows you to retrieve author and publication information from [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com) in a friendly, Pythonic way.


## Usage
Because `scholarly` does not use an official API, no key is required. Simply:

```python
import scholarly

print(next(scholarly.search_author('Steven A. Cholewiak')))
```

### Methods
* `search_author` -- Search for an author by name and return a generator of Author objects.

```python
    >>> search_query = scholarly.search_author('Marty Banks, Berkeley')
    >>> print(next(search_query))
    {'_filled': False,
     'affiliation': 'Professor of Vision Science, UC Berkeley',
     'citedby': 17758,
     'email': '@berkeley.edu',
     'id': 'Smr99uEAAAAJ',
     'interests': ['vision science', 'psychology', 'human factors', 'neuroscience'],
     'name': 'Martin Banks',
     'url_picture': 'https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=medium_photo&user=Smr99uEAAAAJ'}
```

* `search_keyword` -- Search by keyword and return a generator of Author objects.

```python
    >>> search_query = scholarly.search_keyword('Haptics')
    >>> print(next(search_query))
    {'_filled': False,
     'affiliation': 'Stanford University',
     'citedby': 31731,
     'email': '@cs.stanford.edu',
     'id': '4arkOLcAAAAJ',
     'interests': ['Robotics', 'Haptics', 'Human Motion Understanding'],
     'name': 'Oussama Khatib',
     'url_picture': 'https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=medium_photo&user=4arkOLcAAAAJ'}
```

* `search_pubs_query` -- Search for articles/publications and return generator of Publication objects.

```python
    >>> search_query = scholarly.search_pubs_query('Perception of physical stability and center of mass of 3D objects')
    >>> print(next(search_query))
    {'_filled': False,
     'bib': {'abstract': 'Humans can judge from vision alone whether an object is '
                         'physically stable or not. Such judgments allow observers '
                         'to predict the physical behavior of objects, and hence '
                         'to guide their motor actions. We investigated the visual '
                         'estimation of physical stability of 3-D objects (shown '
                         'in stereoscopically viewed rendered scenes) and how it '
                         'relates to visual estimates of their center of mass '
                         '(COM). In Experiment 1, observers viewed an object near '
                         'the edge of a table and adjusted its tilt to the '
                         'perceived critical angle, ie, the tilt angle at which '
                         'the object …',
             'author': 'SA Cholewiak and RW Fleming and M Singh',
             'eprint': 'http://jov.arvojournals.org/article.aspx?articleid=2213254',
             'title': 'Perception of physical stability and center of mass of 3-D '
                      'objects',
             'url': 'http://jov.arvojournals.org/article.aspx?articleid=2213254'},
     'citedby': 14,
     'id_scholarcitedby': '15736880631888070187',
     'source': 'scholar',
     'url_scholarbib': 'https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:K8ZpoI6hZNoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAXGSbUf67ybEFA3NEyJzRusXRbR441api&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=0&hl=en'}

```


### Example
Here's a quick example demonstrating how to retrieve an author's profile then retrieve the titles of the papers that cite his most popular (cited) paper.

```python
    >>> # Retrieve the author's data, fill-in, and print
    >>> search_query = scholarly.search_author('Steven A Cholewiak')
    >>> author = next(search_query).fill()
    >>> print(author)

    >>> # Print the titles of the author's publications
    >>> print([pub.bib['title'] for pub in author.publications])

    >>> # Take a closer look at the first publication
    >>> pub = author.publications[0].fill()
    >>> print(pub)

    >>> # Which papers cited that publication?
    >>> print([citation.bib['title'] for citation in pub.get_citedby()])
```


## Installation
Use `pip` to install from pypi:

    pip install scholarly

or `pip` to install from github:

    pip install git+https://github.com/OrganicIrradiation/scholarly.git

or clone the package using git:

    git clone https://github.com/OrganicIrradiation/scholarly.git


## Requirements
Requires [arrow](http://crsmithdev.com/arrow/), [Beautiful Soup](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/beautifulsoup4/), [bibtexparser](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/bibtexparser/), and [requests[security]](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/requests/).


## License
The original code that this project was forked from was released by [Bello Chalmers](https://github.com/lbello/chalmers-web) under a [WTFPL](http://www.wtfpl.net/) license. In keeping with this mentality, all code is released under the [Unlicense](http://unlicense.org/).

Commit message:

add notes about SLab version

README.md, after:

## CAPTCHA hack
I hacked together a quick and dirty way to handle CAPTCHAs. When it encounters the "Prove that you're human" page, it transfers the Request session cookies into Selenium, opens up a new browser instance to allow the user to solve the CAPTCHA, and then transfers the new session cookies back to Requests. 

In addition to the stuff that the Pipfile handles, this requires installing a webdriver, which I've hardedcoded here to geckodriver because chrome doesn't seem to play well (hmmmmm). Also, I suspect that the User-Agent for the script (scholarly.py line 22) must match the browser.

## SLab version notes
gs_scrape will read the latest (alphabetically last) gs-* json file to read in previously scraped data. It will create a single new gs-{epoch}.json file that is updated after every row to store scraped data. This preserves progress.

It reads all csv files in the directory. These should retain a consistent, expected column structure. Quick and dirty. -SSL

# scholarly
scholarly is a module that allows you to retrieve author and publication information from [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com) in a friendly, Pythonic way.


## Usage
Because `scholarly` does not use an official API, no key is required. Simply:

```python
import scholarly

print(next(scholarly.search_author('Steven A. Cholewiak')))
```

### Methods
* `search_author` -- Search for an author by name and return a generator of Author objects.

```python
    >>> search_query = scholarly.search_author('Marty Banks, Berkeley')
    >>> print(next(search_query))
    {'_filled': False,
     'affiliation': 'Professor of Vision Science, UC Berkeley',
     'citedby': 17758,
     'email': '@berkeley.edu',
     'id': 'Smr99uEAAAAJ',
     'interests': ['vision science', 'psychology', 'human factors', 'neuroscience'],
     'name': 'Martin Banks',
     'url_picture': 'https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=medium_photo&user=Smr99uEAAAAJ'}
```

* `search_keyword` -- Search by keyword and return a generator of Author objects.

```python
    >>> search_query = scholarly.search_keyword('Haptics')
    >>> print(next(search_query))
    {'_filled': False,
     'affiliation': 'Stanford University',
     'citedby': 31731,
     'email': '@cs.stanford.edu',
     'id': '4arkOLcAAAAJ',
     'interests': ['Robotics', 'Haptics', 'Human Motion Understanding'],
     'name': 'Oussama Khatib',
     'url_picture': 'https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=medium_photo&user=4arkOLcAAAAJ'}
```

* `search_pubs_query` -- Search for articles/publications and return generator of Publication objects.

```python
    >>> search_query = scholarly.search_pubs_query('Perception of physical stability and center of mass of 3D objects')
    >>> print(next(search_query))
    {'_filled': False,
     'bib': {'abstract': 'Humans can judge from vision alone whether an object is '
                         'physically stable or not. Such judgments allow observers '
                         'to predict the physical behavior of objects, and hence '
                         'to guide their motor actions. We investigated the visual '
                         'estimation of physical stability of 3-D objects (shown '
                         'in stereoscopically viewed rendered scenes) and how it '
                         'relates to visual estimates of their center of mass '
                         '(COM). In Experiment 1, observers viewed an object near '
                         'the edge of a table and adjusted its tilt to the '
                         'perceived critical angle, ie, the tilt angle at which '
                         'the object …',
             'author': 'SA Cholewiak and RW Fleming and M Singh',
             'eprint': 'http://jov.arvojournals.org/article.aspx?articleid=2213254',
             'title': 'Perception of physical stability and center of mass of 3-D '
                      'objects',
             'url': 'http://jov.arvojournals.org/article.aspx?articleid=2213254'},
     'citedby': 14,
     'id_scholarcitedby': '15736880631888070187',
     'source': 'scholar',
     'url_scholarbib': 'https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:K8ZpoI6hZNoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAXGSbUf67ybEFA3NEyJzRusXRbR441api&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=0&hl=en'}

```


### Example
Here's a quick example demonstrating how to retrieve an author's profile then retrieve the titles of the papers that cite his most popular (cited) paper.

```python
    >>> # Retrieve the author's data, fill-in, and print
    >>> search_query = scholarly.search_author('Steven A Cholewiak')
    >>> author = next(search_query).fill()
    >>> print(author)

    >>> # Print the titles of the author's publications
    >>> print([pub.bib['title'] for pub in author.publications])

    >>> # Take a closer look at the first publication
    >>> pub = author.publications[0].fill()
    >>> print(pub)

    >>> # Which papers cited that publication?
    >>> print([citation.bib['title'] for citation in pub.get_citedby()])
```


## Installation
Use `pip` to install from pypi:

    pip install scholarly

or `pip` to install from github:

    pip install git+https://github.com/OrganicIrradiation/scholarly.git

or clone the package using git:

    git clone https://github.com/OrganicIrradiation/scholarly.git


## Requirements
Requires [arrow](http://crsmithdev.com/arrow/), [Beautiful Soup](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/beautifulsoup4/), [bibtexparser](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/bibtexparser/), and [requests[security]](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/requests/).


## License
The original code that this project was forked from was released by [Bello Chalmers](https://github.com/lbello/chalmers-web) under a [WTFPL](http://www.wtfpl.net/) license. In keeping with this mentality, all code is released under the [Unlicense](http://unlicense.org/).
